Course Name: clinical_mental_health_with_school_counseling_concentrationma

Degree and Hours:
» Master of Arts: 63 Hours

Delivery Method:
» Online Online programs may not meet F1 Visa criteria. Important Notice: New CACREP Training Requirement — In-Person Intensives Beginning Fall 2026 In accordance with the CACREP Policy A.2.e, effective July 1, 2026, all counseling programs—regardless of delivery method—must provide and require in-person, synchronous experiences to observe and assess students' counseling skills and professional dispositions. This assessment must occur at least twice during each student's program of study, with one assessment taking place before the practicum. Beginning with students admitted in Fall 2026 and thereafter , all Clinical Mental Health Counseling graduate students will be required to attend two mandatory in-person intensives on campus. Each intensive will be a two-day, face-to-face experience focused on evaluating students' professional dispositions and counseling skills. Intensive I will occur during the student's first fall semester Intensive II will occur during the student's second fall semester Please plan accordingly, as participation in both intensives is a required component of the program and necessary for progression toward practicum and eventual graduation.

Application Requirements:
Submit requirements to the Admissions Office . » Application to McAda Graduate School » Application Fee ($50 Domestic or $75 International) » Official Transcripts with Numeric GPA » Texas Teacher Certification » Teaching Service Record » Application to Clinical Mental Health Program » Advanced Program Application » Essay » Three Letters of Recommendation

Application Deadlines:
» Fall: March 1 » Spring: October 1

Tuition and Fees:
Program Cost - Online » Texas Resident: $25,453 » Non-Texas Resident: $32,698 » Non-U.S. Resident: $54,433 Semester Cost - Online (9 Hours) » Texas Resident: $4,034 » Non-Texas Resident: $5,069 » Non-U.S. Resident: $8,174 These amounts are rough estimates that are subject to change. These amounts do not include the cost of textbooks or class supplies.

